(crying, speaking hebrew)
Jackie...
Wouldn't have wanted war
breaking out over this either.
What do you need?
Revenge.
I would like your permission to
travel to europe to find bodnar.
What are you waiting for?
Take dinozzo.
Bodnar's on ziva's laptop.
Trace it like the wind.
I know you blame me
for your father's death, ziva.
Is there anyone else
to blame?
Told you I would find you, ilan.
(screaming)
(crashing)
Is it over?
It's over.
Woman:
Oh, I hate it when they cry.
What'd you say to him?
Woman 2:
I said it wasn't him; it was me.
That's original.
It's true.
Me... Didn't like him.
What was I supposed to say?
I prefer something a bit
more subtle like...
"oh, I hate the way you chew."
I did hate the way he chewed.
Mm!
And if they don't
take the hint...
Man: Get the hell away from me!
Sounds about right.
I saw you!
Get away from me!
Stop!
Aah!
(grunting)
(yelling, grunting)
Hey!
Man: Get off of me!
Who the hell are you?
Who are you?
Calm down!
I saw him! I saw him!
What do you want?!
I don't know what
you're talking about!
Camera operator (over radio):
What do you want me to do?
Nothing.
Tony:
Well, hey, there.
Speedy gonzales, huh?
You almost killed marlon
from accounting.
I'm sorry, tony.
I'm still getting used
to how this thing drives.
And the world is...
Still getting used
to how you drive.
Where's the mini?
Thought it was time
to make a change.
You know, put the past behind.
Oh, well,
that's gonna be...
Harder than just buying
a new car, you know.
Yes, I noticed.
So what's the plan
with the mini?
I sold it.
What?!
I told you if you ever
Wanted to get rid of it,
that-that I would take it.
Well, I didn't think
you were serious.
What part of
"I'm totally serious"
Made you think that?
I'm sorry, tony.
I know you wanted the car,
But I just didn't think it was
a good idea to sell it to you.
Why not?
Me, too.
And I didn't want
anything to happen to it.
What are you saying?
Mcgee:
She's saying you're
A car killer.
What?!
Gibbs: Everybody
needs a hobby.
Your new ride, ziva?
Uh-huh.
Nice.
Thanks.
Oh, by the way,
my friend terry,
Loving your mini.
Oh.
Gibbs: Hey...
Get in the car.
Gibbs: No, you and ziva
go up to the office.
We got it covered.
(door shuts, car drives away)
Hmm.
Mcgee: Base security responded
to the assault.
I.D.'d the attacker as petty
officer third class evan lowry.
They said he was raving like
a madman when they arrived.
Demanded to speak
with ncis.
About?
He said national security.
Lowry:
That guy was following me.
That's why I was chasing him.
No, you did more than chase him.
And how do you know
he was following you?
Because everywhere I go,
there he is.
When I finally confronted
the guy, he ran.
Got away when those
two leatherneck chicks
Pulled me off him.
But it's not just him.
Someone's been going
through my e-mail, too.
And how do you know that?
Because
They're marking messages as read
that I didn't read.
I think they've even been
in my house,
They've been in my car...
I can smell the cologne.
They've even been in my trunk.
I tried the cops.
They thought I was crazy.
You said this was
about national security.
That's right.
I work on a navy destroyer.
Mcgee:
Yes. As a...
Cook.
Culinary specialist.
Do you have any idea
what would happen
If a case of e coli
broke out in my galley?
It could disable
the entire ship.
What if they're trying
to infect me with something,
So that I infect the crew?
"they"?
The people following me.
I think that maybe
they're north korean.
Right.
Are you on any medications?
No, I'm not
on medications.
And would you stop scribbling
in that notepad?
Hey!
I'm sorry.
These people are
driving me crazy.
But I am not crazy.
You have to believe me.
It all started
Two weeks ago,
after I got mugged.
I see the same people
everywhere I go.
I'm telling you,
they're following me.
Boss?
They always...
What the hell is that?
It's a gps tracking device.
He's not crazy.
Someone is following him.
Let's go.
Tony:
Petty officer evan lowry,
24, just returned
from a six-month deployment
On the u.S.S. Fitzgerald.
Where he worked as a cook.
Culinary specialist.
Tdy?
Mess duty at quantico,
pending his next assignment.
He has no access
to any sensitive material.
Ziva:
And no unusual
Nothing worth mentioning,
unless you consider
A sailor drinking like a sailor
worth mentioning.
So why's he being followed?
Okay, then who is
following him?
Lowry is in the conference room
working with a sketch artist.
Abby's taking
the gps tracker apart.
Hopefully she can pull prints.
Then there's the mugging.
Lowry said that, uh,
It all started
after he was attacked.
Maybe the mugger
is the one following him.
Tony: Eyewitnesses only gave
a rough description.
Ziva: And lowry barely
remembers the assault.
Police report says
that he got a concussion
From a tire iron to the head.
Mcgee: Also says his backpack
and cell phone were stolen.
That'd mean the mugger
would know where he lived.
Think it's connected?
I think it's our best lead.
Ziva, check out that sketch.
Mcgee, stolen cell phone,
see if you can trace it.
Well, thieves usually wipe
stolen cell phones
To make it harder to trace.
(tony gibbering)
Can you trace it?
I can try.
Thank you.
If he's taken a photo
and e-mailed it to anybody,
I can use the gps coordinates
from the exif data...
You do realize if you keep
telling us how you do your job
Then we're not gonna
need you anymore?
Oh, got a hit.
Northwest dc.
Go!
Vance: No, this is totally
unacceptable.
How long do we have
to wait for the inquiry
Into ilan bodnar's death?
Because we'd like
Sir...
To get started
with the debriefing.
So get someone
from dod-ig down here
So we can close
the book on this damn thing.
When?
So where the hell is he?
(man clears throat)
Never mind. I found him.
I hope it's okay
that your assistant
Told me to wait
in your office.
Richard parsons,
independent counsel
Retained
by the inspector general.
I'm here for the...
I know why you're here.
So get started.
Actually, I just
got back on the red-eye.
I was gonna... Go home,
Shower, have some breakfast--
have you eaten yet?
I'll send for a sandwich.
A lot of
paperwork to do.
Well, great.
Most people don't like it,
but without paperwork
The world would be...
So, you'll get started then?
Immediately, if you want.
Just inform the team
that I'm here.
Yes, director?
Yes, um, find agents dinozzo
and mcgee please.
Yes, thank you.
You can start with them.
Relax, director.
I'm just here to cross
some t's and dot some I's.
I'll be as quick
and painless as possible.
(sighs)
Never been on an actual
dc stakeout before.
This is fun.
They don't let me out
of the office very much.
Really?
Could've fooled me.
Thanks for letting me tag along.
Well, we didn't.
Director vance
insisted you join us.
So, what does that do?
We traced a stolen cell phone
Now we just need someone
to use it to pinpoint
Its exact location.
And then you bust 'em.
Can we just get
this over with?
Yeah.
Thanks.
(grunts)
Let me just get
my briefcase open.
Double-oh-seven.
All right, so,
Let's set the wayback time
machine to the beginning,
Shall we?
So that's, what, January?
(inhales, sighs)
When did you first
become aware that, uh,
Eli david was in town?
Gibbs told us
that Friday morning.
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Someone's coming.
Nope. Wrong sex.
Tony:
Ah, right sex.
Wrong time.
Well, speaking of time,
What time did agent david say
That she was going to meet
her father for shabbat dinner?
Not sure exactly.
Well, how do you know
if you're not sure exactly?
'cause I've seen yentl.
(chuckles)
Well played.
(sniffs)
Well, this matches up
with everything I got,
So t's are being crossed.
I just got one more
question for you guys.
How does one go to the bathroom
on a stakeout?
(chuckles)
I could get into this.
(quiet beeping)
Oh, hold off. I got something.
Someone's making a call.
Where?
Northeast corner.
Tony:
Oh, there we go.
All right. Listen,
Be a dear and finish
that before we get back.
Yeah.
Thanks.
He had your cell phone on him.
Your backpack
Was in his car.
He look familiar?
I think that's the
guy who mugged me.
I don't really remember
the attack, to be honest.
Question is,
Does he know anything about
who's been following you?
(door opens)
Hey, I found that cell phone
in the trash, man.
Somebody must've thrown it away.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks for coming.
Sit down.
You're doing two to
15 for armed robbery,
So, make some peace with that,
and let's move on, all right?
Armed robbery, man.
I didn't rob no...
Two to 15.
And another 20
in a federal prison
For illegal surveillance.
Say what?
But you tell me about this,
And who's been following
petty officer lowry,
That both your sentences
are served concurrently.
Yeah, sure, I...
I know where that came from.
But if you want me to talk,
I want the assault charges
dropped.
First. In writing.
You'll tell me
where the girl is?
Girl? There's no girl.
He doesn't know that.
I'll take you right to her.
Only I know
where she at, so you need me.
(laughs)
You know?
Lead you right to her, man.
You got a day job?
No.
Get one.
And don't quit it.
What...?
What's happening?
He doesn't know who's
been following you.
How can you be sure?
Because gibbs is sure.
And I'm definitely sure.
About whatever it is
we're sure about.
Well, then, I'm right on time,
because I have found intrigue.
I was processing
your stolen backpack,
And there was
nothing left except this.
It was smooshed up
in the corner.
It looks like the last page of
Some sort of legal disclaimer.
It's signed
By petty officer lowry,
and please note
That it's signed on the same day
That he started living out
his own personal 1984.
Legal disclaimer?
For what?
Well, that part's missing,
but this releases someone
From all liability
for your...
Physical and
mental trauma.
Yeah.
Disability, destruction
of personal property,
Mental anguish,
dismemberment, death.
What exactly
did you sign up for?
I have no idea.
I don't remember.
Try again.
Fix your gaze
on your signature.
Remember the feeling
of signing your name.
Where you were.
I'm sorry.
I got nothing.
Why can't I remember?
Well, the time-stamp
on this document indicates
That you signed it a few hours
Before your assault,
In which you suffered
a serious concussion.
I don't remember that, either.
The only thing
I remember from that day
Is my best friend,
when she picked me up
From the hospital.
Jimmy: You know,
it's not unusual
For head-trauma victims
to lose their memory
For the entire day
prior to their injuries.
How's it going?
Not well.
Or if it has anything to do
with the people following me.
Let's try another approach.
Try to recall any sights
or sounds
From the day
you signed this.
Odors, even.
The only thing
I'm smelling is...
Bleach and isopropyl alcohol...
And a... Hint of citrus?
Jimmy: Yeah, that's our
autopsy disinfectant.
Good nose!
Then again,
you are a cook.
Lowry & mcgee:
Culinary specialist.
Sorry.
Wait a minute.
I'm smelling
something else, too.
(sniffing)
Something familiar.
Smell is remarkably powerful
at evoking memories.
Yes?
Paprika...
...Coriander, nutmeg.
Ah, you're smelling the contents
Of a prior occupant's stomach.
Pickled fennel?
Very rare.
Well, our john doe's last meal
Consisted of an impressive
amount of...
Bratwurst.
That's correct.
Whatever I signed up for had
something to do with bratwurst.
That exact blend.
My favorite thing
about my job is-is the mystery.
"abby, figure out
where this bratwurst came from."
Ask me why.
I don't know.
Ask me how this
fits into the case.
I don't know.
It's just...
A mystery.
Yes.
So what's the plan here?
Well, first,
I will simulate the
effects of digestive juices
On a typical bratwurst protein.
Then I use my mass
Spectrometer to
I.D. The proteins
In the sample I was given.
Then I can match that
to a known brand...
And the rest is "gibbstory."
Hmm. How do you account
for instrument drift?
Oh, I just... I tee
in a reference compound
Into the main analyte flow,
and then...
Hey, wait a minute.
Uh, I minored
in forensic science in college.
I like to keep up
with the field.
I'm surprised you don't.
Excuse me?
Well, it's just that
You're teeing in
an internal reference
When you can get
much better results
By using an external
electrospray probe.
Don't you have some questions
That you need to ask me,
or something?
Oh, uh, okay, right.
Uh, five months ago,
you processed a memory card
That had a photo of the man
who killed tyler wilkes.
Yes.
And that man was
Mossad director eli david.
Well, we didn't
know that at the time,
Because the photos only showed
the back of his head.
Oh, and...
I use two separate analyte
streams for redundancy, dick.
Yeah, for what that's worth.
And my name is richard.
Do you want to fight?
'cause I will fistfight you
In your head right now.
I'm just saying...
In your head, I'll...
How could you tell
it was eli david
If you could only see
the back of his head?
Because ziva told us
it was her father.
She told you?
Well, she told gibbs.
Right before eli was killed.
It must have been
difficult for her.
Ziva is loyal to a fault.
No doubt.
"to a fault" is exactly
how I'd put it.
That's it. Thank you.
Seems like something
one of your agents would do.
Yeah, well,
can use the fresh air.
Or you're avoiding that guy
Who's been poking around
asking all those questions.
So, any of it ring a bell?
Sorry, I got nothing.
But the more I smell
this number five special,
The more I know it's got
something to do with all this.
Three down...
Six more to go.
What?
What? What? What?
B-12-- it's a
water-soluble vitamin
Commonly found
in poultry and fish.
That looks familiar.
I think I've
been here before.
Definitely been
here before.
This is it! For sure!
Shh! Shh! Shh.
That's the guy
who's been following me!
There's the bratwurst.
Gibbs:
Wait. Hold on.
Hey, knock it off!
Man:
Dr. Hale!
Arrest him!
Woman:
Petty officer, calm down!
Evan!
Wait-- you know him?
He's one of our
test subjects.
Test subjects?!
(sighs)
Evan volunteered to be part of
the helping eyes initiative,
A two-week study
Examining the psychological
effects of surveillance.
Between traffic cams,
drones, smart phones,
We're a surveillance
society now.
And the government wants to know
How people react
to being watched.
So they can
get better at it.
Man: Terrorists are getting
better at hiding, too,
So, we need
to up our game, as well.
You need to avoid looking at me.
Hale:
We recruited
People like evan here,
who agreed to be watched,
To have their mail opened,
etcetera,
While we documented
the whole thing.
You recorded the mugging?
No, we hadn't
started yet.
Evan was attacked just a few
hours after he signed up.
Something I don't
remember doing.
That eventually became
clear to us, yes.
Gibbs:
Why didn't you
Call off the test?
Are you kidding?
His ignorance of
our experiment
Made him the perfect
test subject.
Glad you were getting your kicks
While I was tearing my house
apart looking for bugs.
You want to press charges?
Charges?! For what?
Following someone
with a video camera?
Reckless endangerment.
You do that,
we'll be shut down.
All our work
gets confiscated,
And good luck
getting your check.
Check?
Yes, this is a paid study.
Well, now
that I think about it...
It does sound kind of
interesting.
Hale: You were quite excited
when you signed up.
And now that you're done,
we owe you some money.
Tony:
15 hundred bucks! Wow.
So is lowry pressing charges?
More importantly,
can I sign up?
He is not,
and gibbs is not happy.
He wants us to look
into the doctor
There are a number of navy
personnel in the study.
Ah. Gotcha.
So, lowry's not the only one
getting the shaft?
(door opens)
uh, excuse me?
Agent david, have
you got a minute?
You're next on my list.
Conference room busy?
Uh, unfortunately, it is.
It was either this,
or the parking garage.
This will be fine.
I'll get started on the doc.
(door closes)
Parsons:
Well, after spending a few hours
in the car with him, I can say
That agent dinozzo is
a capable investigator.
Unfortunately,
he can also be quite a child.
(parsons and ziva laugh)
This was a mistake.
Ziva: The conference room
is not busy.
I was just there.
No, it's not busy.
So, why did you choose
this room?
Are you trying to make me
uncomfortable for some reason?
Are you uncomfortable...
For some reason?
I have nothing to hide.
I also do not have
a lot of time.
Time... Time, time,
time, time, time.
(sniffles, clears throat)
Abby sciuto recovered photos
that indicated your father
Was guilty of murder.
Yes.
And according to agent dinozzo,
You saw those photos
before sundown.
Yet you waited three
hours before you told
agent gibbs anything.
That is a lot of time.
Trust me.
It was better for everyone
That I speak to my father first.
(inhales)
It certainly wasn't better
for, uh, ilan bodnar
That you spoke
with him first.
According
to your official report,
He lost his footing
during your fight,
And then fell to his death.
I tried to save him.
Really?
You tried to save him?
You tried to save the man
That killed your father?
Yes!
So he could answer
for his crimes.
And what about yours?
Adam eshel.
Shin bet,
israeli security agency.
Yes. Is it a crime
to have friends now?
It depends.
Did you sleep
with your friend?
I beg your pardon?
Did you sleep with him?
He is a foreign national.
You are a federal agent.
That is a threat
to national security.
Have you been following me?
Answer the question!
Did you sleep with him?
Go to hell!
Interview is over.
You don't have the authority.
It's over.
Two seconds ago.
Door.
(sniffs)
(clears throat)
You can keep the photo
of your boyfriend.
So.
Over.
Ten seconds ago.
Man (over tv): Tonight,
the fire department responded
To a three-alarm blaze
after an explosion...
Gibbs, we may
have a problem...
We do.
Mcgee: There was an
explosion at the office
Running the experiment
lowry had signed up for.
That's a hell of a coincidence.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
You talk to gibbs yet?
About what?
About your interrogation.
There is nothing to talk about.
Parsons is simply conducting
a routine investigation.
You told him to go to hell.
Does not mean
I have to like it.
But I have nothing to hide.
So, then,
national security isn't
Threatened by you and...?
Adam?
Now you're asking the questions.
With the possibility
of a question mark at the end.
I went to israel
to bury my father.
It was a moment of weakness.
I felt alone.
You need to talk to legal.
No, I don't.
My hebrew must not be
as good as I thought,
Because I could've sworn
that when I dropped you off
At the airport,
I told you you were not alone.
Yes, you did.
Well, then...
We must have
different interpretations.
What's cooking?
Fuse box.
Chief said that's
where the fire started.
Someone was messing
with the breaker panel
Feeding into the office.
Caused every computer
in the suite to blow out.
All of dr. Hale's data,
All of her video surveillance,
it's all gone.
Interesting.
Where's hale?
Ziva: According to
the first responders,
She was taken to the hospital
with minor burns.
Lucky.
And by that, I mean convenient.
Find out which.
I'll talk to her.
Ziva, mcgee, background on
the doctor's test subjects.
Everybody she was following.
(phone rings)
Jethro, I apologize
for the timing,
But I just completed
my interview with mr. Parsons.
Yeah, and...?
We have a problem.
Gibbs:
Let's hear it.
Ducky: I do not believe
that our seemingly
Innocent interrogator is here
Simply to dot
the I's and cross the t's.
I got that impression, too.
What do you think, ziva?
Gibbs:
Okay.
Let's hear it.
It is nothing.
Parsons just got a little
Aggressive with me
during the interview.
It is not nothing, ziva.
Given the interview
I just had,
I believe the man
is out for blood.
Yours.
Abby:
I knew that guy was trouble.
He's like an evil mcgee.
He left this photograph.
Do you recognize
that man, ziva?
No.
Michael fassbender?
Shmeil pinkhas.
I can see it in his eyes.
That mr. Pinkhas once worked
for the israeli government?
Shmeil?
No, that's impossible.
Well, according
to parsons, he was
Briefly in their employ
for an operation
That began in 1972.
September, to be precise.
Munich.
Tony:
Mm. Just like the movie.
Shmeil, played by eric bana.
Well, what does that
have to do with ziva?
Well, parsons was interested
in her repeated contact
With a former israeli
black bag operative.
He also wanted
to know if I was aware
Of her relationship
With adam eshel.
He's fishing.
He's questioning her loyalty.
Yes.
To what?
Ducky:
Ncis.
And her adopted country.
Does he think I'm a spy
or something?
I have no idea what
his endgame is.
Nor what is motivating him,
But it is clear
this is a witch hunt.
What the hell are we
gonna do about this?
Sorry, I-I'm miffed.
Ducky:
Well...
I fear we just have to wait
Until the dealer
shows his full hand.
Waiting isn't even
One of the top hundred
things I'm good at.
And we're not gonna wait.
We're gonna count.
Cards.
See what's left
in parsons' deck.
I love watching you hack.
Don't tell anyone
I said that.
Don't worry,
I won't. But technically,
I haven't hacked anything yet.
Ncis already has access
to the dod database
With parsons' case files.
What do you got?
Well, it looks like a collection
of all the paperwork
On eli david and bodnar.
That tells us nothing.
We wrote most of it.
Mcgee:
Hold on a minute.
There's a locked file here from
the u.S. Justice department.
Is parsons actually
going for an indictment?
Who is he talking to at justice?
That may be a tough hack, boss.
I'd have to bypass the
external firewall, but...
(whistles quietly)
Investigators believe that,
while the power surge in
Dr. Hale's office
was intentional,
The resulting fire was not.
Test subjects--
all accounted for but one:
Simon gravy.
A civilian.
Manages a shoe store.
Where is he?
He disappeared
after the explosion,
And I'm gonna go
with suspicious.
Mcgee: There's no activity
from his cell phone.
Checking his bank account.
Ziva: We'll put out a bolo,
but we may have
Hale told me she made
weekly backups
Mcgee: They were recording
simon for a while.
There might be something there
that'll tell us
Where he's hiding.
Go.
Ziva, look at
that lead from mcgee.
On it. I have some friends
I can talk to.
You want to talk?
Ready when you are.
It's good to know.
But I'm afraid you're gonna
have to wait your turn.
(door opens)
What'd I miss?
You were only gone
two minutes.
It felt like two hours.
God, this is so addicting.
Does he floss?
He seems like a flosser.
What are those meds
he's taking?
(groans)
(grunts, sighs)
I like moving images.
And I could use
a diversion right now.
When the cereal's gone,
He doesn't drink
the rest of the milk.
(sputters)
That's such a simon move.
If you know him so well,
how about
Figuring out where he's hiding.
Assuming he's not dead.
Tony, the problem with
a study like this is,
Simon may have signed up
to be followed,
But that doesn't mean
everyone he met
Wanted to be filmed.
What's your point?
Well, he could have a
buddy who's a drug dealer.
Drug dealers tend to
not like being recorded.
Simon doesn't have
any buddies.
He has a cat.
(chuckles)
He spends all of
his time by himself.
At the aquarium.
Did we mark that down?
Yup, already
expanded the bolo.
Kind of sad.
What a waste of
an 802.11-enabled
Trojan horse code planter.
What a waste of words.
What?
It survived the fire
in dr. Hale's lab.
It remotely installs
an application
On smart phones that
turns the cell into a bug.
That could come in handy.
Instead of having to
plant an actual bug,
All you need to do
is get close enough
And hit that button.
Well, keep it away from me.
(doorbell buzzing)
last thing I want
to do is to hear you...
(knocking on door, tony groans)
(buzzing, knocking)
if this is dorneget,
I swear to god...
(knocking continues)
Oh. What's wrong?
I was locked out,
that's what's wrong.
I was coming to brief you
on what I learned
But when I tried
to open the door,
My retina scan was denied.
Hmm.
(typing)
Your security clearance
has been suspended.
Parsons.
You brief mcgee.
I'll go tell gibbs.
(sighs)
(grunts)
Almost missed it.
Ah. Going down.
Were you able to find out
anything on that locked file?
Not specifically.
But my contact at justice
gave me this list
Of all the files parsons
has been accessing.
Most of them from
the ncis archives.
What's he doing
going through our archives?
Tony:
You must have a pretty
warped sense of humor.
Probably the kind of guy
that thinks the laugh track
On   sports night
made it funnier.
So, this is how you do it, huh?
I got you.
Just play it cool,
wait for a reaction?
Hey, I got one for you.
(elevator clanks, powers down)
What's that tell you?
That you're afraid.
Ziva:
Parsons has been pulling
Hundreds of case files.
Some of these files are from
before you even got here.
Tony: You're messing
with the wrong federal agents.
You can question
how we do things,
But don't ever question
the loyalty of ziva david.
Even if she dissed you and
slept with some stranger?
(laughs)
You're gonna poke the bear, huh?
It's effective.
Until the bear eats you.
For going after
the bear's best friend.
What makes you think
I'm going after ziva?
(elevator clanks, whirrs)
Mcgee, there's only one person
these files have in common.
Vance.
Parsons is not after me.
He's going after the director.
If parsons is compiling
my greatest hits,
Then why put
the screws to david?
Leverage.
We believe he's hoping
to get me to flip.
Perhaps to bring
to light some aspects
Of our hunt
for bodnar that were...
Icy.
Dicey.
We had our reasons.
Yes, we did.
As director, though...
It's only right
that this should fall on me.
I've been doing
some checking.
Parsons is a rising star
in the dc private legal sector.
He's trying to make
a name for himself.
Not if we can help it.
Tony: We'll know
if he makes a move.
We've got ears to the ground,
And, maybe, accidentally,
trojan-horse style
Listening apps
on his phone?
You bugged parsons?
We shared an elevator.
I forgot it was in my pocket.
Vance: I appreciate
that you've got my back,
But there are some things, uh,
You should keep me
in the dark about.
Sorry I'm late.
Didn't you get my text?
Just now.
There's no personal
cell phones in mtac, remember?
What, am I the only one
that follows that rule?
Bolo came back on simon gravy,
our suspected arsonist.
Aquarium?
Yup.
We got him.
Best way to stay under parsons'
radar is to keep working.
Keep me informed.
Meantime, I'm gonna call in
some favors.
That's about how I feel
right now.
The simon show seem different
to you?
Is he on new meds or something?
Looks more like
he's off his meds.
Hey. Hey!
Personal space, mcgrope.
(grunts)
sorry.
Only available outlet.
In the building?
The server in here
is on its own network.
I do not want the signal
from parsons' phone
Being traced to my desk.
Don't worry.
I'll be quiet.
You signed up for a study
that watches you 24/7.
And then
you fell off the grid.
No cell, no credit cards.
Emptied your bank account
an hour ago.
You going somewhere, simon?
(laughs)
(chuckles)
Oh, somebody cares!
Definitely off his meds.
Not exactly
gibbs' specialty.
Well, yeah, I signed up
for that study.
I needed the cash.
Then you changed your mind.
Why'd you disappear?
It's none of your business.
Actually, yeah,
it is my business.
The building with your
surveillance tapes was torched.
(laughing)
Oh, isn't that
just the icing on the cake!
You know who did this?
Yeah, I do,
but it doesn't really matter
'cause you're never
gonna find him.
It does matter.
Talk, or it's
accessory-after-the-fact.
God.
God burned down
that building.
Why were you running?
Worthless I really am!
Because I hate my life!
It's like an episode
of   bipolar intervention.
Simon: I haven't had
a steady job in...
See?
...Two years.
I don't have any friends,
let alone a girlfriend.
Driving my '99 miata
To beltway burgers
on Wednesday night
Is what passes
for my social life.
I needed a fresh start, okay?
Yeah, I met someone
who didn't like being recorded.
It was me.
Before, I could pretend
that I wasn't worthless,
But once the cameras
started rolling, I realized
How I must look on tape.
You destroyed the footage.
God, you're not listening.
It wasn't me.
Yesterday was Wednesday.
I was at beltway burgers
all night, remember?
Go ahead and check.
I'm sorry, I don't know
who did this,
But I doubt
it was someone in the study.
What kind of an idiot would get
into trouble knowing there was
A camera crew
following him around?
Someone who didn't remember.
Petty officer lowry.
Agent gibbs.
You should have called.
I'm kind of in the
middle of lunch.
Are you going to introduce me?
Uh...
Sure.
Agent gibbs, this is,
uh, stella and abner.
He's a cutie,
and he has his mother's eyes.
Agent gibbs, is it?
Nice to meet you.
Likewise.
Corporal.
We went through all your tapes.
We ran facial recognition
on everyone you met
While you were being followed.
She popped up.
You're ua, corporal.
Ziva: And you've been
helping her hide.
Which is why you caused
that fire-- to protect her.
Fire?
What's going on, evan?
Petty officer lowry
Signed up to
be followed
For a psych experiment.
You only had
to remember one thing.
From your oldest friend in
the world until it was done.
But I didn't remember.
When we found dr. Hale,
I realized I led the cameras
right to stella.
Then got ncis involved.
If her face flagged
in the system...
She would have been caught.
What did you do, evan?
She didn't know,
agent gibbs.
And the fire wasn't
supposed to happen.
I was just trying
to wipe any record of stella
From the servers.
I was trying to make it right.
Yeah. I know.
Lowry:
I'm so sorry, stella.
I'm a dedicated marine, sir.
As dedicated as they come.
I read your file.
But after I had abner,
things changed.
Last month, I got orders
for a third tour.
Afghanistan.
Evan was just trying
to protect us.
Haven't you ever bent the rules
to protect a friend?
(muffled jazz playing)
(jazz blaring)
(music stops)
Like having
your own office?
A little.
Okay, a lot.
I love it. I never get to
listen to my own music out loud.
Or live in your own filth.
(sniffing)
So, what's the scoop
with parsons?
Well, I've been
listening all day.
He, uh, had a few meetings
at the pentagon,
Made some calls,
but nothing revealing.
Where is he now?
He's down in the lobby.
He's making a phone call.
What?
What did he say?!
Boss, we got a problem!
What's the matter now, mcgee?
We had it wrong.
Bodnar's only part of this.
Parsons isn't after
ziva or vance.
(elevator bell chimes)
he...
That's a lot of manpower.
Your reputation proceeds you.
Don't act too surprised.
Or did I not give you
enough time to prepare?
Gibbs:
You got something to say,
Say it.
Special agent
leroy jethro gibbs,
You've manipulated evidence,
and you've obstructed justice.
Do you take full responsibility
for the actions of your team?
What do you think?
Captioning sponsored by
cbs
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org